what's up back with another break just
stopped the tiger
Tiger got a couple of
2005/2006 FLIR hot prospects hockey this
for you real fast we're all run out of
the gate you got a jersey of kevin and
that guy hot materials not numbered okay
Tigers out up the by the way you got one
right out of the gate another jersey
piece juicy I'm not gonna shoot this
guy's name to pieces you Lincoln
it's numbered in 1999
grant Stevenson a prized prospect here's
another one
that's the mic limit in 1999 another one
to 1999
Vitaliy call it and another one Thomas
that dude 1999
that was a red-hot but it's not just the
backboard 1999 another one cam cam
Barker there you go
she packs left I think you're supposed
to get up that's all though movies Oh
bleep there's a vendor um one there's
something well it's just a material I
thought you're supposed to get a patch
out of in our own find autograph patch
cards of the year's top blazing set
level three I know de Graaff that just
says find them it doesn't say you get
one huh anthony Stewart Jersey and this
you might might need to check the Brawn
enough to guarantee won't pop off your
nut just says find them let me say
they're trying to box I had three relics
to their box together in a man open this
stuff since I was six I can't remember
Kyle that dude number two 1999
Eric Christensen Jersey babies
remember to 100 a lot of different Eric
Cole over to 1999 Nick Tennessee let's
see
Andrew lad New Jersey got an auto in
this one at least
Fry's prospect number to 999 and dared
regard
Jacob class fish Jersey
they don't come with a patch water PO
box maybe like 6 for case or something I
can't remember 1999 Martin soup here I
know the newer is basketball stuff they
all have one per box I don't think they
did back in 506 1999 this Robitaille all
right buddy I really like Alaska yeah
you know the pathology must be no
guarantees and their yeah the alright
brother I appreciate it buddy and I'll
get all these cards out to Canada for
you all right man see ya
you